already bound for Marquette's Dwayne
Wilson's highschool resume was good
enough a state champion and three-time
All State player Wilson's legacy had
been carved out nonetheless he insisted
on putting on a show at the Kohl Center
Saturday night Wilson sparks Dominican
in the d4 title game by scoring five
points in just over four minutes
combined was super sophomore diamond
stone the Dominican Knights jumped out
to a 15 to 10 lead at the end of the
first quarter
Auburn Dale was able to battle back and
tie it at 15 but that's when things
started to get a little bit ridiculous
after diamonds dunk Dominican went on a
12 nothing run to take control of the
game
inside or outside the night's asserted
themselves on the Kohl Center floor
dominican led by six at the half and
never trailed again the lead got as high
as 13 at the end of the third thanks to
more highlight reel plays and the nights
posted from there
57 to 44 the final is Dominican goes
back to back our guys they battled we
switched up defensible bomb who's
guarding at least and then Dwayne
Diamond really kind of controlled things
for us and once again we had some role
players step up and either make big
shots or get big stops for us it was
pretty fun you know you can dunks like
after dunks like usually we don't get
that many fast break dunk sore diamond
dunked on somebody and I came down the
middle it didn't the behind the back
pass and you always got you got so many
fans here and people that one seed like
he's exciting play so as the crowd got
to screaming I just pumped us up and we
just kept on rolling yeah you know we
don't we don't face that type of
athleticism or high level players
throughout the year in our in our
conference or even some of our
non-conference games you know plenty of
good solid players but we're facing more
kids we're gonna be playing d3
basketball or something like that you
know those are both high Division one
players and when you make a mistake with
those guys and ends up in a dunk instead
of a layup or an open jump shot Dwayne
Wilson ends his high school career as
the all-time leading scorer and a
two-time state champion I think was the
best player in the state of Wisconsin
you know when when he's on the ball
pressure no more when he was shooting
the gap offensively he has everything
you could have a pull-up jump shot the
three-pointer deep three
you know the attacks room I mean that
Drive that he had tonight where he
dunked
the pain was unbelievable stone and
Wilson combined for 48 of Dominicans 57
points both players were unanimous
selections to the division for Allstate
team the set of this game being a state
champion game I would say yes is best
combining game by these two guys to go
down one night you know there's been
games we both play well but this stage
the state champion game again for two
Pete they both brought their a-game to
end they both play outstanding diamond
stone proved why he's one of the top
recruits in the nation abusing the
Auburndale bigs all game long 22 points
16 rebounds and three blocks later he
definitely left his mark on the game
he's gonna allow stronger so even like
our last three or four games when his
guys just hanging out and push now
you know his kid apartment doesn't
bother him no more he's mentally
stronger physically stronger so he's
able to play through that and still you
know finish at the rim this moment was
no guarantee to start the year the night
started off just 5 and 3 under Berger
the first-year head coach but the team
focused on one goal and fought to get
back to state you know from the day one
when I first talked to you guys it was
just you know we're gonna just keep our
focus we didn't talk at all the entire
year about state championship we didn't
bring it up one time it was worth taking
one game at a time
who's next on the schedule - were
focused nine and we did it all the way
up until Thursday night after I game
Thursday night then we start talking
about was gonna mean tonight after I go